Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create the instructions of how a video is going to be stored in our
database.
Okay, now, to do this, we're going to do this within the video class.
Right.
Okay.
So over here.
We're going to need to say static.
And we are going to need to call that class court video and we can say from.
From Snap.
And each video is referred to as what?
A document.
So we can say document snapshots.
And so this is the variable called SNAP.
And this is a type of document snapshot.
Okay.
And now we can then create a variable again and say by.
Snap.
Snap shot.
It's going to be equal to describe a cold snap.
Then dots.
Data.
Right.
Okay.
And now we can then see this.
Map.
I think you've seen this before.
String and die.
Nah, make.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can return the video model.
Okay, return.
The video.
I think the video.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now for the user name, I will just have to say is snapshot.
You can see this is a variable now holds in this race snapshots does what starts.
Okay.
So snapshot.
And we can then say username.
Make sure you don't have any spelling mistake.
And as well.
Snap.
Shot a snapshot.
And this is going to be what you ID.
Okay.
Sorry.
You already.
And.
Snap.
Snapshot.
Snapshot, snapshot.
And this is going to be wide eyed.
And we can just bring this to the next nine and.
As well.
Make this list line and this line and this line and this line.
This line as well.
And lastly, this line.
Okay.
We can just continue from here.
When we use control and our save is automatically formatted for us.
Okay.
This is going to be likes.
Now, our mistake we did is this is going to be a list of likes.
So we need to say at least.
Right, because one video can have many legs.
List.
Okay.
And this.
This.
Okay, over here as well.
We need to say snap.
So it's now shut.
And comment.
You can just copy this to make sure you don't have any spelling mistake.
Okay.
It is big this in this line and.
He's going to be snapped.
Shut.
Okay.
Sure.
Sorry.
Share counts.
Snap shot.
And song name.
Okay.
Snap shut.
So culture and.
Snap.
Shut.
Video URL.
Had your words.
The R, l and y as well.
Okay.
There's going to be a snap shot.
There's going to be some.
No.
And lastly, lastly.
It's going to be a snapshot.
I think there's a lot of work just to make our code clean and more readable.
We have to pass through all this profi.
Profile photo.
Now, all this could have been avoided.
Right now, instead of doing all this passage through all this process, that is still our our view.
I think you can do that.
I would just have to say it is what's.
Firebase.
So faster and collection.
That collection and.
Call the coalition video and it's dark and you can see you can just open some and it sets.
And this.
The fourth is, you know, not all the data were fed to snapshot.
Right.
So it's going to know all that.
So we really don't need to pass through all this huge process, but we're just trying to follow the
MVC pattern.
So that's why we have to go through all this long process.
So currently we are trying to follow the re process and doing it rather than just doing the same Firebase
Collection videos.
So we are simply creating the structures of how the video is going to be uploaded.
So this is going to be uploaded in our database, the user name and the user name of the user, the
user ID and so on.
Exactly.
This pattern is what is going to take in.
That's upload that, upload each video.
Okay.
Now, like I told you, we can basically avoid all this, right, by following this.
My takeaway and you can use my type user and these are name and sort.
You can see over here we have the user doc in the that's a get the user I think over here.
Okay you can see we I get to the user so the odd or those can actually be avoided.
Okay.
But since we are following the visit, but then we have to do all this, right.
So this is basically everything we need for the modules.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in a nice lecture.